Cloudflare cache backend (#35)
mirumee/ariadne-graphql-proxy: GUIDE.md

```

### `CloudflareCacheBackend`

`CloudflareCacheBackend` uses Cloudflare's [key value storage](https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/learning/how-kv-works/) for caching. It can be imported from `ariadne_graphql_proxy.contrib.cloudflare` and requires following arguments:

- `account_id`: `str`: Id o Cloudflare account.
- `namespace_id`: `str`: Id of Workers KV Namespace.
- `headers`: `Optional[Dict[str, str]]`: Headers attached to every api call, defaults to `{}`.
- `base_url`: `str`: Cloudflare API base url, defaults to `"https://api.cloudflare.com/client/v4"`.

```python
from ariadne_graphql_proxy.contrib.cloudflare import CloudflareCacheBackend

cache = CloudflareCacheBackend(
    account_id="account id",
    namespace_id="workers kv namespace id",
    headers={"Authorization": "Bearer ..."},
    base_url="https://cloudflare_api_url/client/v4",
)
```

> `CloudflareCacheBackend` in it's `__init__` [lists existing keys](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/workers-kv-namespace-list-a-namespace'-s-keys) in given namespace to ensure it can be accessed, if this check fails it throws `CloudflareCacheError`. To store value it performs [PUT request](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/workers-kv-namespace-write-key-value-pair-with-metadata), and to retrieve saved value it uses [GET](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/workers-kv-namespace-read-key-value-pair).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`CloudflareCacheBackend` [lists existing keys](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/workers-kv-namespace-list-a-namespace'-s-keys) in given namespace on initialization to ensure it can be accessed, if this check fails it throws `CloudflareCacheError`. To store value it performs [PUT request](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/workers-kv-namespace-write-key-value-pair-with-metadata), and to retrieve saved value it uses [GET](https://developers.cloudflare.com/api/operations/workers-kv-namespace-read-key-value-pair).
```
